=head1 Config::Model::Krb5 - Edit and validate Kerberos configuration

Config-Model-Krb5 is a description of the structure and constraints of
of Kerberos configuration.

The description is located in the files under lib/Config/Model/models.
This description can be loaded by L<Config::Model> to create a
configuration tree. (i.e. a set of objects to hold Kerberos
configuration data)

The file lib/Config/Model/Krb5.pm contains code to load Kerberos
configuration data from config file into the configuration tree and
then to write back configuration data.

=head1 Author

This code was originally written by Peter Knowles and is licensed with
LGPL-2.1 (or more). Unfortunately, his priorities have changed and
Peter is no longer interested  in maintaining Config-Model-Krb5. He
kindly agreed to let me publish the code in the hope that another
maintainer will step up.

=head1 TODO

Here's a short list of what needs to be done:

=over 

=item *

Create the required files for a Perl distribution (i.e write a
Makefile.PL or a Build.PL or use L<Dist::Zilla>. For the latter, you
can re-use the [dist.ini from config-model-openssh](https://github.com/dod38fr/config-model-openssh/blob/master/dist.ini)

=item *

May be refresh the model (in this case, you should use
L<cme> with L<Config::Model::Itself> to edit and
verify the model), I.e., after cloning this repo, run:

 cme meta edit

On Debian, run `apt install cme libconfig-model-itself-perl
libconfig-model-tester-perl` to install the required packages.

=item *

Add non-regression tests in t/ directory. Using
L<Config::Model::Tester> is recommended. See the test cases done for openssh in 
https://github.com/dod38fr/config-model-openssh/tree/master/t/model_tests.d

=item *

publish it on CPAN

=back

Feel free to contact config-model author to get help on this task. Or 
send your questions to config-model-usets at lists.sourceforge.net


